but the video is seeing the good this time
I'm going to start in August
skateboard teach the maneuvers but the
first with him, right?
candida to publish the girls too
hold the moulin and besides again
acting fell of the master that no one ever
spoke tutorial so I'm going to talk
nor would you need only that I would not
warm you're starting now
continue on who is the advice you
Rides a lighter skateboard and a pair of
there preferably light-duty shoes with
The sound of the ghetto was not bad either
I advise you to walk on smooth ground
preferably a large milk runway.
kind have been the decoy and such
choules is easier to learn in the
practice of master curica you were in
floor ilapa
You look cool in that cool pop.
if I noticed an old lady the process
of peace with candles that have nowhere to beat
for those who only made movies when they hit the
I look in that city besides that
I just help climb up today, huh?
if nobody in london the foot position is
about this one O
You will see little place specter
attractive screw and the back foot almost
on the edge they leave a little bit
So feel steady, just try to hit.
today the beginning is more or less as soon as
I want to make felipe rebated, I have to
kick this role at the same time
skate bob will make this move
here o
You're going to hit the lens, it's going to go up and it's kicking.
In this part, it's good that you go out in tune.
I will continue to acquire positions I
I'm standing in the middle of your skateboard that brings
that same as my decision is more if
want to climb the sidewalk under a building
You're going to hit harder and kick.
harder still goes is that it is so
and each one so much not only to
cameras and you'll get hit and I 'll get tired.
being dedicated that will only continue the
dick dick you're having trouble
I'm going to give a good tip is to need one.
pair of registration and
but if you liked hurley's video
You are not writing on the write channel.
I'm going to teach one more maneuver because I
I know all and until the next video he